xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:fileMenu.label                        =  [locale-browser]\browser\browser.dtd:fileMenu.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:quitApplicationCmdWin.label             =  [locale-global]\mozapps\profile\profileSelection.dtd:exit.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:printSetupCmd.label                     =  [locale-global]\global\viewSource.dtd:pageSetupCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:printCmd.label                          =  [locale-global]\global\viewSource.dtd:printCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:printPreviewCmd.label                   =  [locale-global]\global\viewSource.dtd:printPreviewCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:editMenu.label                          =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:editMenu.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_copy                       =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:copyCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:copyCmd.label                           =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:copyCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:cutCmd.label                            =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:cutCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_paste                      =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:pasteCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:pasteCmd.label                          =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:pasteCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_redo                    =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:redoCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_undo                    =  [locale-global]\global\editMenuOverlay.dtd:undoCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:viewMenu.label                        =  [locale-global]\global\viewSource.dtd:viewMenu.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:bookmarksMenu.label                     =  [locale-browser]\browser\browser.dtd:bookmarksMenu.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.newFolder.label              =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_folder.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.newSeparator.label           =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_separator.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_newseparator            =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_separator.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_open                    =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.open.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_openfolder              =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.open.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_refreshlivemark         =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.open.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_refreshmicrosummary     =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.open.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_openinnewwindow         =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.open.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_openinnewtab            =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.open.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:openLinkInWindowCmd.label               =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.open.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:command.properties.label              =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.properties.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_properties              =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.properties.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:SortMenuItem                   =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:advancedSearch.sortby.label <append %S>
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.newBookmark.label            =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_bookmark.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_newbookmark             =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_bookmark.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:ile_newbookmark                =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_bookmark.label
xulsword\bookmarks\addBookmark.dtd:createin.label                      =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\bookmarkProperties.dtd:bookmarks.createIn.label
xulsword\bookmarks\addBookmark.dtd:expanderDown.tooltip                =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\bookmarkProperties.dtd:bookmarks.expanderDown.tooltip
xulsword\bookmarks\addBookmark.dtd:expanderUp.tooltip                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\bookmarkProperties.dtd:bookmarks.expanderUp.tooltip
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:manBookmarksCmd.label                   =  [locale-browser]\browser\browser.dtd:showAllBookmarksCmd2.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:closeCmd.label                        =  [locale-browser]\browser\browser.dtd:closeCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:bookmarksWindowTitle.label            =  <unavailable>
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_managefolder            =  [locale-browser]\browser\browser.dtd:showAllBookmarksCmd2.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:bookmarks_title                =  <unavailable>
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.export.label                 =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.export.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:EnterExport                    =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.properties:EnterExport
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.import.label                 =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.import.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:SelectImport                   =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.properties:SelectImport
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:deleteCmd.label                         =  [locale-browser]\browser\browser.dtd:deleteCmd.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:command.moveBookmark.label            =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.moveBookmarks.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_movebookmark            =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.moveBookmarks.label
xulsword\bookmarks\addBookmark.dtd:moveto.label                        =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\moveBookmarks.dtd:moveTo.label
xulsword\bookmarks\addBookmark.dtd:button.newfolder.label              =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_folder.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_newfolder               =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_folder.label
xulsword\bookmarks\addBookmark.dtd:button.newfolder.accesskey          =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.new_folder.accesskey
xulsword\bookmarks\addBookmark.dtd:selectFolder.label                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\moveBookmarks.dtd:window.title
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarksProperties.dtd:bookmarks.windowtitle.label =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\bookmarkProperties.properties:dialogTitleEdit <change "%S" to &quot;**bm_title**&quot;>
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_selectAll                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.select_all.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.view.show_columns.label      =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:view.columns.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:sortAscending.label                   =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:advancedSearch.sortby_asc.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:sortDescending.label                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:advancedSearch.sortby_desc.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_sortbyname              =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.sortby_name.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.view.unsorted.label          =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:view.unsorted.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:menuitem.view.command.toolbar.label   =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:view.toolbar.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:command.moveBookmarkShort.label       =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.moveBookmarks.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:command.rename.label                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.rename.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:cmd_bm_rename                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:cmd.rename.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:treecol.addedon.label                 =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:col.dateadded.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:treecol.name.label                    =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:col.name.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:treecol.lastvisit.label               =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:col.lastvisit.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:bookmarksRoot.label                   =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.properties:OrganizerQueryAllBookmarks
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:BookmarksRoot                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.properties:OrganizerQueryAllBookmarks
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:BookmarksToolbarFolder         =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.properties:OrganizerQueryAllBookmarks
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:emptyFolder                    =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.properties:bookmarksMenuEmptyFolder
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:ile_newfolder                  =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\bookmarkProperties.dtd:bookmarks.newFolderButton.label
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.properties:status_foldercount             =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.properties:status_foldercount
xulsword\bookmarks\bookmarks.dtd:search.label                          =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:search.label
xulsword\bookmarks\browser.dtd:search.label                            =  [locale-browser]\browser\places\places.dtd:search.label
