#labels Phase-Implementation
=User Interface Translation=
This page holds all the words and phrases which need to be translated in order to create a GUI for a new language. The program requires other words and phrases in addition to these, however you will not need to worry about translating them if there is a Firefox distribution in an acceptable language.

NOTES:
  * Special symbols like "%1$S", "%2$S", "%3$S" etc. are place holders for numbers which cannot be supplied until the program is actually run. The symbols can be moved or re-ordered, but the symbols themselves should not be changed.
  * Some longer entries may contain embedded HTML, like "`<b>`" and "`</b>`". These add formatting to the text.



From code file: "`books.properties`"
{{{
	 Chapter %1$S
	 Introduction
	 Hide Introduction
	 Genesis
	 Exodus
	 Leviticus
	 Numbers
	 Deuteronomy
	 Joshua
	 Judges
	 Ruth
	 1 Samuel
	 2 Samuel
	 1 Kings
	 2 Kings
	 1 Chronicles
	 2 Chronicles
	 Ezra
	 Nehemiah
	 Esther
	 Job
	 Psalms
	 Proverbs
	 Ecclesiastes
	 Song of Songs
	 Isaiah
	 Jeremiah
	 Lamentations
	 Ezekiel
	 Daniel
	 Hosea
	 Joel
	 Amos
	 Obadiah
	 Jonah
	 Micah
	 Nahum
	 Habakkuk
	 Zephaniah
	 Haggai
	 Zechariah
	 Malachi
	 Matthew
	 Mark
	 Luke
	 John
	 Acts
	 James
	 1 Peter
	 2 Peter
	 1 John
	 2 John
	 3 John
	 Jude
	 Romans
	 1st Corinthians
	 2nd Corinthians
	 Galatians
	 Ephesians
	 Philippians
	 Colossians
	 1st Thessalonians
	 2nd Thessalonians
	 1 Timothy
	 2 Timothy
	 Titus
	 Philemon
	 Hebrews
	 Revelation
}}}

From code file: "`branding.dtd`"
{{{
         Produced by?
}}}

From code file: "`search-help.properties`"
{{{
	 Search Help
	 <span style="font-size:large;">There are four types of searches to choose from after you click the "More" button:</span><br><br>1) <b>Find verses which contain the word(s)</b>: Finds verses that have all of the given words in the verse.<br><br>2) <b>Find verses which contain this exact text</b>: Finds the exact word, part of a word, or phrase, everywhere that it occurs.<br><br>3) <b>Advanced matching using special search terms</b>: You may use the special search terms listed in the table below to build complex searches:<br><br>4) <b>Find verses which contain similar words</b>: Finds verses that contain words similar to those given. This is useful if you don't know exactly how a word is spelled, or to find variations of words. Results can be listed in order of relevance by unchecking "Show results in order".<br><br>
	 TERM
	 EXAMPLE
	 DESCRIPTION
	 NOTES
	 Heav*
	 Matches any word beginning with "Heav"
	 Can be used anywhere except at the beginning of a word
	 ??loved
	 Matches "beloved", "unloved" etc.
	 Can be used anywhere in word
	 &&
	 love && God
	 Finds verses with both "love" <b>and</b> "God"
	 ||
	 love || God
	 Finds verses with either "love" <b>or</b> "God"
	 love !God
	 Finds verses with "love" but <b>not</b> "God"
	 ()
	 (great || little) && love
	 Finds verses with "great" <b>or</b> "little" <b>and</b> "love"
	 Nebacadnezzer~
	 Finds words <b>spelled similarly</b> to "Nebacadnezzer"
	 This is useful if you don't know exact spelling of a word
	 " "
	 "For God so loved"
	 Finds verses with the exact phrase "For God so loved"
	 Note: All searches are case insensitive.
}}}

From code file: "`xulsword.dtd`"
{{{
( PROGRAM MAIN MENU  )
	 Windows

( FILE MENU  )
	 Add New Modules
	 Remove Modules
	 Delete Modules
	 Delete Locales
	 Delete Audio
	 Import Audio
	 Export Audio
	 Print Passage

( EDIT MENU  )
	 Copy Passage
	 Passage
	 Include
	 Cross Reference Texts

( VIEW MENU  )
	 Bible Tabs
	 Commentary Tabs
	 Resource Tabs
	 Book Tabs
	 Headings
	 Footnotes
	 Cross References
	 Dictionary Links
	 Verse Numbers
	 Words of Christ in red
	 Personal Notes
	 Show all
	 Show none
	 Language Notes
	 Window 1
	 Window 2
	 Window 3
	 All Windows
	 Show Footnotes
	 Show Cross References
	 Show Personal Notes
	 In popups
	 In note box

( OPTIONS MENU  )
	 Options
	 Font
	 Smallest font
	 Small font
	 Normal font
	 Large font
	 Largest font
	 Hebrew
	 Show Vowel Points
	 Show Cantillation
	 Language

( BOOKMARKS MENU  )
	 New Personal Note...

( WINDOWS MENU  )
	 1 Window
	 2 Windows
	 3 Windows

( HELP MENU  )
	 Help
	 About...

( CONTEXT MENUS  )
	 Select Verse(s)
	 Open Selected Reference
	 Delete Personal Note
	 Edit Personal Note
	 Close

( PROGRAM TOOL BAR AND TOOL TIPS  )
	 Go to previous chapter in viewed history.
	 Back
	 Go to next chapter in viewed history.
	 Forward
	 Choose a location from past history
	 Find the verses you are looking for.
	 Search
	 headings
	 Toggle the display of headings.
	 footnotes
	 Toggle display of footnotes.
	 cross refs
	 Toggle display of cross references.
	 dictionary
	 Show dictionary links.

( SEARCH WINDOW TOOL BAR AND TOOL TIPS )
	 Search
	 Match any word ending with ' * '. Match any single character with ' ? '.
	 More
	 Search word or phrase:
	 Stop

( SEARCH WINDOW ADVANCED OPTIONS (MORE BUTTON)  )
	 Bibles:
	 Commentaries:
	 Resources:
	 Books:
	 Search Type:
	 Search Scope:
	 Find verses which contain the word(s).
	 Find verses which contain similar words.
	 Find verses which contain this exact text
	 Advanced matching using special search terms.
	 Show results in order
	 All Books
	 Old Testament
	 New Testament
	 Choose Books to Search:

( THE SEARCH GROUP NAMES AND SCOPES CAN BE ADJUSTED BELOW, TO BEST FITS YOUR NEEDS  )
	 Pentateuch
	 History
	 Psalms
	 Wisdom books
	 Prophets
	 Gospel
	 Letters
	 Gen-Deut
	 Josh-Esth
	 Job-Song
	 Isa-Mal
	 Matt-John
	 Acts-Rev

( BOOKMARKS WINDOWS  )
	 Save As...
	 Location
	 Note
	 Verse
	 Search In
}}}

From code file: "`xulsword.properties`"
{{{
( MAIN TITLE AND ABOUT WINDOW )
	 Holy Bible
	 Version: %1$S, Build: %2$S

( PROGRAM MAIN WINDOW TEXT DISPLAY )
	 Next
	 Previous
	 ORIG
	 Hebrew
	 Greek

( PROGRAM MAIN WINDOW LOCATION CHOOSER TOOL )
	 Old Testmnt
	 New Testmnt

( OPTIONS MENU )
	 English

( BOOKMARKS RELATED )
	 Save As

( SEARCH WINDOW AND MESSAGES )
	 Search
	 Found %3$S verses (showing %1$S to %2$S)
	 Verses found: %1$S
	 Searching %1$S...
	 More
	 Less
	 This text was installed without a search index.\nA search index will now be created for you.
	 If you stop the indexer, search speed will be slow. \nHowever, you may build the index later if you wish.
	 Building Search Index...

( MESSAGES FOR MODULE INSTALLATION )
	 Module installation incomplete.
	 The following module(s) have components which are not supported:
	 Upgrade the program to at least version: %1$S
	 The following module(s) have components which are out of date:
	 Complete installation requires at least module version: %1$S

( NEEDED FOR BACKWARD COMPATIBILITY ONLY )
	 Complete installation requires at least module version:
	 Upgrade the program to at least version:

( MISCELLANEOUS MESSAGES )
	 This change will take effect the next time you start the program.
	 Please insert the Muqaddas Kitob installation CDROM and try again.
	 A QuickTime plugin was not found. \n\nThis may occur because QuickTime 5 or earier is already installed on your computer. If this is the case you must either update your QuickTime installation or else completely uninstall QuickTime and then install "QT Lite".
	 QT Lite is now installing on your computer. \nDefault install settings should be adequate. \n\nAfter the installer has completed, click "ok" to continue\n.
	 To listen to audio content, a QuickTime plugin must be installed.
	 To listen to audio content, a QuickTime plugin must be installed.\n\nWould you like to install the "QT Lite" plugin now?\n
	 Language can be changed using the menu: "%1$S" в†’ "%2$S".\n\nOr by pressing F1.\n \n
	 A problem may have been detected. To report this problem press \"%1$S\".
}}}