#labels Featured
=Revision History=

==xulSword 2.14 (soon to be released)==
  * Updated to XULRunner 1.9.6.2
  * Created .xsm (module) and .xsb (bookmark) extensions and command line handler
  * Tab settings are now remembered after window is hidden
  * Clicking the tab pulldown menu does not select a new module any more
  * Window pin behaviour was simplified and fixed. Verse is remembered by pin as well now.
  * Linked Windows can now show more than one chapter if space permits
  * Mouse scroll wheel and up/down arrow keys scroll linked windows as well as unlinked ones. All active windows scroll together as well.
  * Keyboard up/down arrow key functionality was updated.
  * Alt+downArrow selects the navigator's book text box.
  * View menu remains open after clicking a selection.
  * ORIG tab is grey when not usable, but may now appear by itself.
  * Search added to Edit menu- opens search window without beginning a search
  * ESC now closes a search window.
  * Updated to QTLite 3.2.2 and changed to audio/mp3 from application/x-mpeg for registry checks and player MIME code.
  * Installer also updated to look for Apple's audio/mp3 registry key to determine install choices.
  * Other minor bug fixes and improvements as well

==xulSword 2.13 (6/1/10)==
  * Robinson morphology module's name was coded as Robinsons rather than Robinson.
  * Fixed problem where book parser did not handle variations correctly. (Typed Mark into parser and it came up Matthew)
  * Changed method of detecting missing books: just check if verses 1 and 2 are both missing
  * Changed installer to delete chrome directory (if security is enabled) before install rather than during uninstall.
  * Edit/Delete personal note context menu option is now enabled when user right clicks on personal note when it is in "selected verse".
  * Fixed About module info display so that ASCII info is always displayed LTR.
  * Added "P" to end of BuildID if build is portable.
  * Language note popups which are extra long may appear under the mouse cursor (no more blinking!)

-----

==xulSword 2.12 (12/1/09)==
  * Setup is modified so that if updating, modules included in the setup.exe will be uninstalled first (fixes search index problem). All other modules are untouched.
  * Made readNewInstallsFile heardier to allow for any exception, and to check that modules and locales exists before adding to list.
  * Changed style sheet inclusion in xul and html files- made all files share same (and correct) base styles.
  * Tab labels are determined by .conf file ONLY (locale is no longer searched for tab labels).
  * Language menu items are determined by matching locale ONLY (current locale is no longer searched for translated terms).
  * Shows SWORD module version on About page.
  * Added context menu About item leading to module info.
  * Added tool tips to tabs showing localized text information
  * ORIG tab deactivates when any non-ORIG tab is clicked.
  * Bookmarks now save NameLocale and NoteLocal and this is used to correctly display bookmarks written in other locales.
  * Module installer will now SKIP installation of locale/xsmodule components if a newer version of the component is already installed.
  * Module information includes "more" links which show .conf file contents.
  * Scroll bars were moved to left side for RTL locales.
  * Added email address under "Help" menu.
  * Fixed Hebrew language feature menu's hide logic.
  * Fixed audio import bug which prevented import from CD/DVD (fixed on 2.12 B version).

-----

==xulSword 2.11 (11/1/09)==
  * Changed "LocaleDefaultVersion" implementation to allow for multiple default versions for a locale
  * Fixed localization for printPageSetup.xul, about.xul, printPreviewBindings.xml (important for RTL locales!)
  * Expanded dialog.xul & dialog.js to allow for textbox input as well as checkbox (needed for Firefox RTL localized dialog windows).
  * Fixed text printout- module name was replaced with tab label.
  * Fixed search printout- same as text, but added missing locale code too.
  * Fixed bookmarks printout- same as above, but added version locale to version text (names and notes still always get program locale- this is a bug).

-----

==xulSword 2.10 (10/18/2009)==
used on original UZDVDB
  * Added select tab with pulldown menu to handle tab overflow. No more toggling tabs around!

-----

==xulSword 2.9 B (05/20/2009)==
  * Fixed Unicode file path crash problems.
  * Fixed BM context menu's addNewBookmark bug (no BM properties were created).
  * Fixed BM Properties bug which converted saved non-verkey BMs to default Bible BMs
  * Improved CurrentTarget code.

-----

==xulSword 2.9 A==
  * Chapter pulldowns scroll if needed when mouse is near bottom of screen.
  * With verse numbers turned off, there were no spaces between verses. This was fixed.
  * Added Osis non-versekey footnote capability
  * Module Installer now handles bookmarks.
  * Module installer now uninstalls entire chrome directory so that security module works right even when installing over OLD MKs.
  * Fixed footnote window maximizer to turn off when fn window disappears.
  * Improved module installer to allow audio files in root directory of zip file.
  * Changed keygen to output only a-z,A-Z,0-9 chars (relaeased mods [2.7] all have spiritappender so this should have no BC problems. However, when modules are given new keys, only versions 2.9+ will decrypt them. VERSION 2.8 will NOT!).

  Revamped bookmark code:
  * History and bookmarks-LOCATION are now always stored in WESTERN verse system, regardless of installed module type.
  * fixed meaning of LOCATION bm property to be a normalized full location (always Western, no module name needed)
  * drag-and-drop bugs were fixed,
  * BM manager trees now coordinate,
  * date codes fixed,
  * LastVisited functionality was added,
  * improved handling of dangling bookmarks (having unrecognized modname),

-----

==xulSword 2.8==
  * Installer puts icon on common-desktop, rather than user-desktop.
  * Fixed installer to check if module or GUI is too new for existing installation (Added capability for minprogram versions to module ).
  * Enhanced security with imbedded key-gen.
  * Improved security.cpp by storing codes as bytes rather than ASCII.
  * Fixed security hack.txt.manifest problem.
  * Improved build scripts for encryption and module copying (used perl rather than batch).
  * Fixed that MK happily (and incorrectly) imported audio file names such as "001.mp3".
  * Fixed "out-of-date" message for non-MK zip file installation.
  * Improved search window (no auto searching when clicking radio's). Window behaves more naturally.
  * Fixed a(nother) bug with interninear hilighting feature [\\D$] went to (\\D|$) go figure?
  * Improved interninear popup functionality to get popup out of the way.

-----

==xulSword 2.7B==
  * Fixed GenBook pref bug where genbk chooser pref was not being updated every time versions changed.
  * Fixed popup twisty pref bug.
  * Fixed bug where print passage with cross-refs open would throw (no MyFrameNumber).
  * Added module installer version checking.

-----

==xulSword 2.7A==
  * Added conf file param to specify an associated Bible for dictionary to use for ScripRefs.
  * Now uses nsIZipReader rather than unzip.exe to unzip modules.
  * Modified idl and Cpp to use nsAString and nsACString rather than wstring and string.
  * Audio startup wasn't canceling existing window.setInterval if there was one.
  * Changed exception handler to fire ONLY for first exception per session.
  * Reduced exception handler max URI length from 1944 to 1900 (1943 seemed to pass).
  * Added drag and drop module install feature.
  * Added Import Audio feaure.
  * Added Remove Module Dialog.
  * Added cr and sr popup twisty for opening/closing verse texts.
  * Installing a new module now shows the module upon restart (finding first available book if necessary).
  * Many many others...

-----

==xulSword 2.6B==
  * A BUG was fixed which caused the highlight original words to fail.
  * osisfootnotesxul.cpp bug was fixed that was filtering glossary links
  * Copy passage now (like print passage) disables unavailable includes
  * Copy passage now closes when "copy" is clicked
  * Added HideDisabledCopyPrintIncludes user pref feature to copy/print passage
  * Removed line breaks: <br> from strongs search results
  * Added option to use image as Testemanet Heading
  * Changed chooser sizing to adjust for Testement Heading width
  * Allowed chooser book button height to adjust to inner text size
  * Added try code to referenceDropdown's Bible.getMaxVerse()'s for when no modules are loaded

